ScenarioEUserStories.md, before:

# Scenario B

## Questions

### Question 1 - Hritik UP2115893:

Would you like to have a profile where people can follow you and see what music you are listening to at that time? 

### Question 2 - David UP2049418:

Would you be comfortable with the app accessing your location?

### Question 4 - Oguz UP2157044:

+ Are you able to shuffle through the playlists or want to have a radio that comes up with new songs for you?

### Question 6 - Tobi UP2079666:

How does the weather actually affect your mood to get the right type of songs for the weather situation?

## Notes

### Notes 1 - Hritik UP2115893:

like to connect to people but not available to the public anywhere

### Notes 2 - David UP2049418:

Would like to have the option to input locations themselves, and also input locations in advance e.g. would be in Portsmouth for 3 days and then in London afterward.

### Notes 4 - Oguz UP2157044:

- No, I prefer to choose my own songs and also be able to choose songs inside playlists.

Note: The user prefers to have full control over the songs, wants to select what she likes, able to change song queue and playlists.

### Notes 6 - Tobi UP2079666:

if the weather is nice listen to slower-paced music

if rains listen to upbeat

tweak the playlist

Commit message:

Akobir has been added his queries and notes

ScenarioEUserStories.md, after:

# Scenario B

## Questions

### Question 1 - Hritik UP2115893:

Would you like to have a profile where people can follow you and see what music you are listening to at that time? 

### Question 2 - David UP2049418:

Would you be comfortable with the app accessing your location?

### Question 3 - Akobir UP2158827:

Would you like connect with your social media profiles for music sharing with friends?

### Question 4 - Oguz UP2157044:

+ Are you able to shuffle through the playlists or want to have a radio that comes up with new songs for you?

### Question 6 - Tobi UP2079666:

How does the weather actually affect your mood to get the right type of songs for the weather situation?

## Notes

### Notes 1 - Hritik UP2115893:

like to connect to people but not available to the public anywhere

### Notes 2 - David UP2049418:

Would like to have the option to input locations themselves, and also input locations in advance e.g. would be in Portsmouth for 3 days and then in London afterward.

### Notes 3 - Akobir UP2158827:

User is open to social media integration for easier music sharing with friends.

### Notes 4 - Oguz UP2157044:

- No, I prefer to choose my own songs and also be able to choose songs inside playlists.

Note: The user prefers to have full control over the songs, wants to select what she likes, able to change song queue and playlists.

### Notes 6 - Tobi UP2079666:

if the weather is nice listen to slower-paced music

if rains listen to upbeat

tweak the playlist
